Sites to begin with:
- Codecademy
There are a lot of courses to choose from, many of which are free. Courses span areas
such as web development, game development, cybersecurity, AI, and so on.

If you’re interested in a career in cybersecurity or ethical hacking, I recommend the
following courses:

-Introduction to Cybersecurity course

-Introduction to Ethical Hacking course

-Learn the Command Line

This course teaches bash scripting, the programming language used to interact with Linux
operating systems using the terminal. Learning bash is quite easy and I highly
recommend completing this course as you will be using bash a lot later on as a
penetration tester.

Aside from the courses mentioned above, there are a lot of other ones that you can choose
from in order to improve your skills.

Cisco Academy

Cisco is a tech company that produces network devices such as routers, firewalls, and
other gadgets. It also offers exams for both entry-level jobs and more advanced positions.
Cisco has a free academy where you can learn both networking and cybersecurity skills.

Coursera

Coursera is an online learning platform that offers countless courses related to security. If
you wanna try out any of their courses, I recommend the following:

- Google Cybersecurity Professional Certificate

This course introduces learners to a lot of foundational concepts essential for a career in
cybersecurity. It’s detailed and includes several fun activities/projects that you can
showcase later on in your resume. While it’s not that advanced and doesn’t hold much
value, it still offers a lot of knowledge and, in my personal opinion, is worth taking if
you’re a beginner.

EdX

The above site offers a variety of courses and certificates targeted at both novices and
advanced individuals. Many of their courses are made by top Universities and are
generally free to take. I recommend checking out the CS50 series.

SANS Institute

SANs is a training organization for networking and cybersecurity. It offers countless
services ranging from free online webcasts to paid offline training sessions. I advise
anyone who likes free online sessions to check out their webcasts as they are led by
experts and offer a lot of knowledge for beginners and experts alike.

Aside from the above resources, there are a wide range of amazing platforms and
applications which can greatly help you such as DataCamp, W3schools, Skillshare, etc.

